adding Placemement Binding to glossary (#4849)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: about/glossary_terms.adoc

Created and imported clusters are managed by the klusterlet agent and its add-ons, which initiates a connection to the {product-title} hub cluster.

[#p-term-placement-binding]
=== Placement binding

> A policy that binds the placement to a placement rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource that binds a placement or placement rule to a policy.
```

I wonder if the original entry was meant to talk about this kind of placement: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.7/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#placement-overview

Author: @JustinKuli ahhhh, good call out! I agree with you. Let me revert my change and add Placement Binding as a separate entry. Idk why I thought placement was suppose to be removed. And i missed my proposed update in the issue template, yikes. Thanks again Justin!
